README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect project purpose and setup instructions for Claude Token Counter using Anthropic API

README.md, after:

# Claude Token Counter

This is a demonstration project that shows how to implement Claude's token counting functionality using the Anthropic API.

**Note**: This is for demonstration purposes only.

## Overview

This project provides a simple web interface to count tokens using Claude's token counting API. It allows you to:
- Input text and see the token count in real-time
- View token counting history
- Support for both text input and file upload

## Setup

1. Install dependencies using pnpm:
```bash
pnpm install
```

2. Set up environment variables:
```bash
# Copy the example environment file
cp .env.example .env

# Edit .env and add your Anthropic API key
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
pnpm dev
```

## API Reference

This project utilizes Anthropic's beta Token Counting API, which is documented in their official [Token counting (beta)](https://docs.anthropic.com/en/docs/build-with-claude/token-counting) page. This beta API provides accurate token counting that matches Claude's internal tokenization process.
